---
title: poems
contributor: Marie Buck
num: 19
---

## The Streamlined Version

There's no additional text,

There's no water on July 2<sup>nd</sup>

beginning at around 9:02 pm and for about two hours.

What?

Are we going that way?

I thought about school for a million years.

---

One has to imagine

a wish list that

isn't really a wish list more

like a dread list

---

but you could locate it,

if you wanted,

in the past: all the bad

---

things that have happened, the situations

you've barely gotten out of

---

like, say, rural isolation,

proximity to loved ones'

anti-social behavior

caused by mental health crises;

housing scrambles; no roommate

---

situation that will accept

cats; toxic air in the

apartment; unwell person

you know professionally,

and do not love,

with a grudge against you;

you've gotten into the program

but must move 12 hours away

to a more expensive town, and

not enough money;

merging poorly on the highway;

a loose dog that is somehow above

you, on a roof, barking angrily down;

guy in a car jerking off and trying

to follow you and it's 3 a.m.

---

Being really sad. Not enough sunlight

in the winter. Being really happy and

then almost drowning in a rip current.

Being slightly melancholic, a little stoned,

and almost drowning in a rip current.

---

A woman runs and screams help and

you sprint with her across the street to help

and you do.

---

Sometimes you feel really embarrassed for no reason at all.

---

None of it you can even point to more than right

now; if there were a God surely they'd say

---

"I'll give you something to cry about." There, full

of adrenaline, in the water, briefly entertaining,

---

But there it is.

There it will be;

---

you'll never get out of it,

it's true.

## Travis

He's a unit.

Travis is a unit,

oh my god, Travis.

---

I felt so good

when he told Kendall that I looked jacked.

---

I'm going to take it to the grave.

No; not like that, I mean I'm going to take it with me.

---

Like I'm going to hold onto it.

---

I'm going to take it to the grave.

---

Whatever.

---

I heard that he's moving back to New York soon.

---

He went back home

to save money and stuff

---

but he's going to come back.

---

I mean that's why he wears muscle shirts.

---

He's huge.

---

Oh my god,

here's his Instagram.

---

He's huge.

He's a unit.

---

I wish he came to the office.

---

I'm sure he's in Boston.

---

He's an inspiration.

---

Travis!

## Mark

My one piece of advice

is to stay away from Mark right now.

---

Because if he's rubbing people the wrong way

and they associate him with *you*---

---

I mean, don't go down with that sinking ship.

Look out for Number 1.

---

Does that make sense? That Mark is not going

to look out for you?

---

Disconnect from him. Immediately.

Get off that sinking ship.

---

I can introduce you to Rebecca; that's

an opportunity for you.

---

Please start to look out for Number 1.

Disconnect from Mark.

---

Immediately. He's a coward,

not a leader.

---

I have your back but I don't have his;

he's an idiot.

---

You have a better relationship with Lana

than you do with Mark, right?

---

If Mark had the choice between saving you

and his own ass? Who do you think he's

---

going to choose? If he tells people,

"she's not communicating with me"

---

then you have a chance to network up.

I know you don't want to, but.

---

It's an option. I'm going to stop.

because I don't want to give you

---

advice, just perspective. And I

don't want you to go down

---

with a sinking ship; I've seen it

too many times. A difference between

---

you and many of the people in this department

is that you are marketable.

---

And a lot of these other people aren't.

Mark isn't.

---

He's not going to call people and fight

on your behalf. He's going to blame you for stuff.

---

He's not going to say, oh, she's a good

communicator. He could be telling you one thing

---

and doing the opposite. I don't trust that guy.

You need to have really good judgment

---

in that role and he does not. He has the opposite

of that. I'm not trying to give you advice. Just perspective.

---

Disconnect from Mark.

## An Identical Twin

How lucky you both are.

---

How lucky you both are.

---

On a scale of 1 to 11, how lucky

---

would you say you are?

---

That's right:

---

A 12.

---

Oh, feel your hand: it's like silk.

---

It's like silk with flowers. That's

---

how lucky you are.

## Food

I hear someone say they're so lucky

which is the sweetest of all the things you can say.

We did a survey of parks

and want it to be a survey of pleasure and it is:

sometimes eating and drinking decadent things

is a metaphor for a feeling of plenty;

some people hate this in a poem but I would

argue that the feeling is only that in real life,

these slices of mortadella are delicious therefore

I will never want for more; I can't picture anything

on my tongue beyond this good cheese, or a sweet

made of many varieties of egg, egg cooked at various

consistencies and sweetened; if we have the money

for the fancy thing it must mean we'll never be so bad

off that we can't afford the shitty thing, is I think

where the brain goes with it. The parks are all true;

I don't think they are a metaphor for anything, or they're

a more trustworthy metaphor. Or the particular meeting

of nature and convenience: the bathrooms, the bar, the

available arepas or French fries indicate that there is a social net.

The world's there for you if you do your part, a bit of government and

some that's just from God. This meeting lets you lay there till late,

walk back salty and a little cold, and the bags are heavy. There is not
much

of a threat of having to do anything else, you know.

What you have to do---even in the moment it's like you're being
documented.

Or you don't need to be. You could do this

a few more times,

as much as you can.

You can stop if you want to,

you can keep going.

You can paddle further out

or feel sad or nervous.

You can get self-conscious of what an asshole you are.

You can realize you're a nervous type of person,

a burden for others to be around sometimes maybe.

You can feel like you're being tested;

you can really feel like garbage, like part of you is here

and part of you is not here,

but you'll still have your body, since it's overwhelmed this place.

Someone will come up

and tell you about an endangered species

of very shy bird, and we'll all agree

we're shy, the birds are shy, the birds are offput

by our presence and we're offput by the presence of the person

telling us about the birds, who seems offput by the fact that they have
to do this.

They seem offput by their own presence; we're all so shy, a convention
of beings

advocating for all the other people there to not have to be aware of
them.

I mean, everyone here is sad about changes over time.

Once at the beach at Fort Tilden it rained, and my group stayed through
it.

Another group did too, the sun came out, my group looked at the other

group from a distance, and everyone raised their hands in the air and
cheered,

victorious that we had waited it out and now had the beach to ourselves.

Sometimes you run into people you know. Once, you told me, you got a
blowjob

behind that sand dune; once I got scared of a wave at this part of the
beach.

We run into a friend, who tells us about the art project of another
friend, the project

is for the shy species of bird, and it's a speaker inside a rock in the
dunes, so that

the rock makes the sound that the shy birds make. I am glad to keep
walking

past the bird area entirely, the party of shy people. I have a picture
of you from

this spot; I took a picture of the sunset the first time we came here,
despite that I wanted

to take a picture of you but was feeling shy, and you said, "don't you
want to take a picture

of me?" and then I did.

## Licking

We were trying to con people at the Cheesecake Factory into thinking we
knew the CFO.

---

And we sort of did; it wasn't a lie.

---

Do you like Olive Garden?

---

I mean, be careful how you answer.

---

My old roommate's boyfriend at the time's sister married into a family
where the dad was pretty high up at Cheesecake Factory.

---

The wait staff wouldn't believe us; they weren't having it.

---

I was really shit-faced though.

---

And we're gradually improving, all the time, becoming wiser as we age.

---

What's the difference with the oat milk?

---

I think it's made of oats, that's why.

---

My dad was trying to con the owner and say that we were related to the
CFO.

---

They wouldn't believe us, that we were related to the CFO somehow but
not by blood.

---

The quesadilla had mozzarella cheese in it.

---

It had this smokiness to it, it was breaded.

---

And I was drunk; everything tasted good to me that night.

---

If the quality of the chicken was bad, I never would have known.

---

It was an eggplant parm.

## I Wanted to Give a Gift But It Was Like a Sort of Coffin

All my hyper friends are programmers.

I mean he's not a programmer but.

You know what I mean.

---

All these hyper guys

just like to figure one thing out,

then another, then another.

---

And that makes them very employable.

---

This is more dangerous than us shimmying up the ladder here.

This is more dangerous than us just getting back in the boat.

---

Dude, the fact that that happened

right in front of the people who were there

to protect that area---that is the funniest fucking thing.

You couldn't write it.

---

And this is another one.

These are some other things.

They got stuck out by some reservoir.

They actually had to call the fire trucks.

---

This is like a real thing that happened;

I mean it *is* serious because sometimes

there's like this helicopter.

---

These are the people; you can tell it's not our clothes.

There's this little cement ledge here; you can see our clothes.

You can see it's just smooth sailing.

And we're like, dude, just let us get in our boat.

---

I mean, this is the spot.

---

There's something historic about your experience.

---

Ah, well.

---

It's true I guess.

---

This is four years ago now.

---

At the end of the day he ended up paying.

---

I had to threaten, though.

---

It didn't end well;

this guy was a shit.

---

And it's actually super fucked.

No, this was crazy.

---

He wanted to do something crazy.

He made a really bad decision.

---

If I did something fucked up I'm gonna own it;

I'm not gonna pawn it off on somebody else.

That's where character shows.

---

And he was hanging off the side of the boat.

And he flew off into the water.

---

I think I sent it to him?

You *sent it to him*?

It was on the roof in front of millions of people.

It would've been tragic.

---

What a story.

I've never heard that.

---

Some stupid shit.

---

Like when Kyle jumped into the East River.

---

We were drinking.

It was at Katie's birthday.

Somewhere near the East River.

---

Gross water, we don't know what's down there.

You could jump down there and land on a fucking metal rod.

---

Three of us were over there.

---

I'll never forget.

---

He lands,

and it's just like a plume of shit, like, the smell.

And we all ran over and he emerges; he's like *swimming*.

And he's sick for a while and it was like, well,

he was actually in hella good shape; he was playing college soccer.

---

And antibiotics don't work on him.

I guess he had a lot of ear infections as a kid.

He was on study abroad in Spain and was like super sick.

---

I mean super dangerous.

No one knows what's under there.

## Happiness

There's nothing to make you feel better.

---

Better means: I am gonna sit here at this table

---

and tell you I had two pieces of that birthday cake,

---

like: that was a big beautiful birthday cake, I

---

had two pieces of that big beautiful birthday cake.

---

Yes, I mean, I had two pieces of it, I went back for seconds.

---

It was a really good cake! I'm not sure where she got it but

---

I wound up having two pieces of it. I couldn't stay away, I went

---

back for seconds. Did you hear? I said, I was just saying to her, by

---

the end of the night I wound up having two pieces of that cake.
