---
title: 'from *Glam\*our*'
contributor: Jamie Townsend
---

<style>
.indent1 {
    text-indent: 1rem;
}

.indent2 {
    text-indent: 3rem;
}

</style>

So, safe

---

Or save

---

Loo came in

---

A neat little package

---

So cute they

---

Said so cute

---

Shrugged and

---

Dug a toe

---

Into the blanket

---

Slowly digging

---

Their own grave

---

We lie in bed

---

Bereft of nothing

---

Read Safe or save

---

At the inadequate

---

Daydream at the pink

---

Bruce assumed

---

Was flat

---

Symbolic, so cute

---

And gay, so happy

---

Read Safe

---

Where the moon 's

---

Cold and decrepit

---

Face licks the inside

---

Of Loo's thumb

---

And a wet finger

---

Print darkens the page

---

Wonder at this

---

Transmission

---

Feel saved

---

Beneath a

---

Decorative parasol

---

Janky skeleton

---

Ragged pink tissue

---

Their romantic dream

---

Of safety

---

Held sleep away

---

Predicting ruin

---

Whispering

---

Sweet nothings

---

Up against the sheet

---

'Save me'

---

Soft consonants

---

And sibilance

---

Trickle out

---

To lay across

---

The hair on their arms

---

End to end

---

So close

---

They're almost fucking

---

Lost and safe, saved

---

Wake up feeling

---

Opened the residual

---

Dilation

---

What as who

---

Recants Loo can't be

---

Bothered by this

---

Thin mucus

---

Clinging slip

---

Eyes downcast

---

Playing with themselves

---

The story lost

---

In detail

---

Little red

---

Riding hood

---

By air as blood

---

Rushes

---

To the surface

---

Tease
{: .indent1}

---

Recoil

---

High on glaze

---

First blush saved

---

And wet, touchable

---

Yielding a very

---

Dangerous moment

---

Excited blood

---

Rubbing against

---

Excited skin

---

Knife wife
{: .indent1}

---

Fruity void

---

A portal 's

---

Bubble floating in

---

A tear without

---

The allure you know

---

Austere

---

Safe and silent

---

The letter

---

S at the end

---

of the dreamer 's

---

Eden

---

The discarded skin

---

Of it 's

---

Dreams like

---

Arcadia and waking

---

In the mezzanine

---

Of the Top

---

Shop

---

Safe or saved against

---

The smoothness

---

Of mannequin flesh

---

The most dangerous

---

Thing Loo could do

---

Is abstract it all

---

An atmosphere disrupted

---

An unrepentant

---

Shower

---

Of meteorites

---

A legion of fallen angels

---

Or failed men who dream

---

Wrestle with god

---

Mouth to

---

Mouth to be safe

---

Young

---

And troubled

---

Beneath a silent sky

---

Loo trained to resuscitate

---

A doll

---

A new doll each year

---

Learned

---

Their heart can't take

---

Too much

---

Pressure

---

Loo learned to reject

---

The world ending

---

At the tips

---

Of their fingers

---

**\***

---

This problematic

---

Pattern repeating

---

*Not just fantasy*.

---

Loo reads Joon 's swooning objectivism, the sensation written out as
milk stains on a white tee. They dissociate. Take a walk and slip into
their own pregnant reverie, in front of racks of faded band merch at
Mercy Vintage. It gets them out of the house, fleshes out the imperfect
goodwill they imagine. Garish and obscene. Glamorously threadbare.
Almost miraculous.

---

At minimum, Loo felt like a dizzy Adam naming their way into some
extreme measure of self-fixation, obsessed and obsessive rumination
toward minding their own business vs. minding their own pleasure, a
private heaven or public hell expanding in exponential dimensions. At
max, overwhelming obsession, squeezing everything into a horizon line.
The thought Loo writ large as a folding in not stretching toward. Sex
that makes an ass of them. An emaciated face or ghost of personality
draining toward the shaky drain 's point of no return. A limp corpse
wrist arching up through grating. Pose becoming cramp becoming camp
becoming something chronic, rhetorical. *They weren't praying for this.*

---

Loo conjures Aaron's rod that budded. Aaron's poem in *The Paradise of
Forms*. *The dress likes the way he looks, hairy.* They wanted to have a
manifesto to blow it up, as so little made sense in a time when
competing spiritual forces struggled to pull any apart feeble agreement.
The ring rolls out of reach no matter how much they stretch to grab at
it. Sell the outerwear when the work dries up. Their stubborn
multiplicity, an innate fuck you to a pervasive loneliness imposed as
though every day they must get out into the world, face a grave, dead
broke, east west, damning orientation. Yes. There were too many
complications. Loo worried about the repetition of their movements, the
choreography of their not yet communal body on the page creating a rough
line for measurement. Loo worried too about their height and weight as
well, someone called it 'stature' which left them cold as marble. As
though the pressing thought of physical necessity left a lasting
impression. No. An ever-increasing push towards order but this ran
against their rangy opulence. Loo imagined the end of power as a chain
of supplication cracked or dragged from around their neck. Link by link
together the weakest collapsing.

---

With a handful of brass rings, their or this hand a rams head, a claw, a
ram in profile, a Cleopatra snake charm winding up to strike any
softness or warmth of flesh. A tiny glass eye. The pendulum of a
snowflake pendant. Scattered indications of movement outwards. Each
object of reference, a reliquary, a talisman, a psychic tool, A fire
sign, a fire floating above the perpetual watery sensation, the feeling,
a lack inside the water and so Loo became an anthem in perpetual wonder
of the distinction. Glamorous, the we that together made a choice, was
given split-second choices to make. Loo wanted a them or they, an us in
some mindless repetition. To be awed again. Language for what they
didn't yet understand. Anyways, Loo didn't want to be confused. They
wanted to sing.

---

*Punch a ghost...*
{: .indent2}

---

*A dress only becomes a dress by being worn*

---

Or the specters of Anger 's puce moment, obscene luxury just danced off
the rack. Loo counts: A sheet a shift a skirt a ghost, styles of
unfolding in the machinery of their vision.

---

Belief is what Loo falls into from the periphery. The shadow of a god
insisting the writing is the wall the body is an outline on the floor.
The slight heft of paper chains or this history of royalty. Neither nor.
Loo believed naively that passionate fire would materialize to burn it
all away and beneath would be a glowing residue of wholeness. An
unbroken circle beneath the church. Inside curves and smooth wet. They
felt this as something approaching completion, tearing each layer away.
This less specific and quiet insistence of a sensual momentum forward
made it even moreso. Loo watched it all through a specific lens,
watching Legion, a show of superpowers where the hero is labeled
mentally unwell -- is sick with a multiplicity -- in a world unwell in
its insistence on those without these specific queer powers, filled with
synthetic cloth and mid-centeery modern furnishings. The hero 's
obsession moves throughout the scene, touching each stupefied spirit,
kissing her or him as they switch bodies. They, remaking what it means
to inhabit such a world, to slosh against the viscera. Dumb and newly
born. On the floor of Wolfman Books during the reading Loo listens to
their friend transforming into pure description at the same time not
listening they pull off the gel polish from their middle finger complete
in one piece and stick it behind the shelf of poetry, saving it to
chance upon later.

---

**\***

---

Eyes soaked in milk, shapes buoyed through taste. A holographic makeup
stick marks the limits of Loo's field of vision. Cheeks blushed.
Streaked with a shade called supernova for an understanding of what they
thought they saw before the lights went out. Believing the flash was
enough to make a distinction. No. Not totally. Not in fact at all. But a
vagueness. Awesome, overwhelming ambiguity. Yes.

---

**\***

---

Our love dissolves

---

The sheerest tulle

---

Into a scatter of applique

---

Sequins into female trouble

---

Posthumous Birkin bangs

---

Nipples like meringue

---

Hannah Wilke is still

---

Suffering for glamor

---

Vanity Fair spread

---

In the shadow

---

Of a useless giant spoon

---

Industrial fuckwand

---

Set to maximum

---

Obliteration

---

Horror and beauty 's

---

Trash offered up

---

To the better demons

---

Of our nature

---

**\***

---

The moon is sending

---

Psychedelic invocations

---

Through the pastel pink

---

Orgone pyramid

---

In the sunroom

---

Loo reads the feeling as

---

Eve Babitz on the longest

---

Walk of shame

---

From the homes of dead

---

-eyed Orange County

---

Suburbanites worshiping in

---

The Hereditary loft

---

Of Ann Taylor

---

A cloud of sage

---

Cloth swirling

---

Across the windshield

---

As she powders her nose

---

From a compact

---

Of beige accelerant

---

Dancing on a dash

---

Blasting Dumb Blonde

---

Dolly 's New Narrative

---

Bittersweet fantasy

---

Transforming a scarf

---

Into a noose
{: .indent1}

---

Into a guillotine
{: .indent1}

---

An open hand
{: .indent1}

---

An ashtray
{: .indent1}

---

As Frank once admitted

---

Loo misses their sisters

---

And reads a treatise on stars

---

As metaphor

---

Reverie and warning

---

*Don't be mislead*
{: .indent2}

---

*By glamor from heaven*
{: .indent2}

---

As it bursts

---

Against yr throat

---

In the wind

---

When Loo finally laid out

---

In the bright light

---

After the year from hell

---

And read what

---

Brenda wrote

---

*Satan isn't sitting*
{: .indent2}

---

*In some bunker*
{: .indent2}

---

And

*fuck that*
{: .indent2 .nolinebreak}

---

*In wet hot turquoise*
{: .indent2}

---

In a poem to Ivy

---

That felt like a fortune

---

Wrapped in a warning

---

Wrapped in magenta

---

The color of our conversations

---

With the dead
