---
title: '"Pelagy"'
contributor: Joey Sechrist
issue: productive looking
---

<div class="prose">
<p style="text-align:right;">Pressed eye to top water glow
Current rubs Will starve Pressed only sides heave and mouth tests
for floating luck unlikely decapod debris Strain myomeres to
catch out of reach Will starve Pebble pinching flesh rubbing raw
Flex strain in muscular burn is not movement Mouth gape Stasis
kills Will starve Myomere strain Will starve so Strain strain</p>

<p>["Pre mortem stress...did lead to lower quality scores of the
fillets as seen in softer texture, increased blood content and
gaping"]</p>

<p style="text-align:right;">No dormancy under strain Myomere
melts to Restless rest Vision slows Current rub slows Glow stabs
past top water Pebble pinching Will starve under Pelagic stasis
blanket</p>

<p>["Midwater trawls have no contact with the seabed. They are
occasionally associated with the incidental catch of non-target
species (bycatch). MSC certified fisheries take measures to
minimise bycatch..."]</p>

<p style="text-align:right;">Bed pressed Will starve Mouth gape
strain burns to restless rest and the World is space blue It
is</p>

<p>["Ah, there's the rub....Their muscles relax, their breathing
and heart rate slow, they become to some degree immobile and less
sensitive to external stimuli....I like to think that once in a
while they dream of me....'Nobody would help me and I just kept
getting hauled up out of the water and then, from nowhere, there
was this big guy, like huge with a beard....I think he was
God.'"]</p>

<p style="text-align:right;">Top glow softens World to depths of
space blue Strain settles to warm glaze Mouth gapes in the shoal
Delicious detritus Current rubs back to Will starve Strain away
blanket back to restless rest We is school We smell ourself We
smell like space blue We taste our own We vision each twitch and
twitch in turn Home School We It is</p>

<p>["Juvenile herring schools (n = 193) were targeted
acoustically and collected with a commercial purse-seine vessel
with a 250-m x 34-m or 250- m x 20-m, 150-mm stretch-mesh anchovy
seine net or a trawl vessel with a 40-m x 28-m, 150-mm-mesh
midwater wing trawl net. Herring \< 250 mm were considered to be
nonspawning juveniles less than 3 years old (Stokesbury et al.
2000). Between 15 and 20 fish were randomly chosen from each
catch and preserved in a 10% buffered formaldehyde solution for
at least 24 hours prior to being transferred to 50% isopropanol
for diet analysis."]</p>

<p style="text-align:right;">Myomere numbed to stasis Flank
numbed to pebble Will starve but space blue holds all Tucks us in
Space blue rests Us Rests shoal upon detritus Mover is we Muscle
melts alone But nothing moves if not together In space blue as it
has been As it shall be Current rubs current rubs</p>

<p style="text-align:right;">I can smell ourself Is
unsuspiciously fishy</p>
</div>
